we do like this hey guys how's it going
so I told you I would do a ton of hair
videos and the ghd's are beeping don't
worry about that this is Brooke
explain who you are and what you do um
I'm a hairdresser and I'm a full-time
hitter so now I've been doing it for
seven years now I'm away from in lieu of
town I don't wanna say what it doesn't
so I don't think and today I'm going to
do a tutorial we Kris that we're doing
the whole series yeah he's an everyone
so you guys gave us like a ton of videos
that you wanted to see like blow drying
hair how to do like GG curls how many
pink curls like the Gaga bow stuff like
that so these are what all of these
videos are going to be so first off
we're gonna start off with a how-to
round brush blow dry your hair so Brooke
is going to do that on me in this video
so keep watching for the other videos
I'll be posting them probably once a
week maybe twice a week we shall see so
keep watching back for the hair series
so Brooke split my hair into two
different sections
she's taking a heat protectant from joy
Co and she spraying that a couple times
through my hair she's then taking a
spray from Balmain it's a shine spray
for extensions but you can use any shine
spray and just putting it through my
ends of my hair a couple spritzes just
then taking a round brush in this really
super cute blow-dryer and so the trick
with this kind of blow drying is to keep
the airflow always pointed down your
hair and to continually turn and gently
pull the brush through the ends of your
hair
you just keep going going going until
that layer is done and then you just put
the next layer down and do it all over
again
to meet you
I'm awake
so when you're on the last section of
your hair just put your part wherever
you'd like it and continue to blow-dry
until it's all done cool so that is how
you blow dry your hair straight with a
round brush a little bit closer so you
guys can see pretty much is dead
straight except for my little own hair
bits that are my natural hair and the
end of the extensions which some has it
a little bit frizzy just because they
are dry but that's how it's done thanks
guys